feat: :sparkles: `read_properties()` and `parse_source()` (#328)
seedcase-project/check-datapackage: docs/guide/check.qmd

It requires one main input, `properties`, which is a Python `dict`
representing the properties in the `datapackage.json` file. You can load
these properties from the JSON file using the helper function
[`read_properties()`](https://seedcase-soil.seedcase-project.org/docs/reference/read_properties.qmd)
after first parsing the source with

> [`parse_source()`](https://seedcase-soil.seedcase-project.org/docs/reference/parse_source.qmd).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`read_properties()`
after first parsing the source with
`parse_source()` (from [`seedcase-soil`](https://github.com/seedcase-project/seedcase-soil).
```
